[HAPPY]
[EXERTION]/[CURIOUS]
[FRIENDLY]/[DELIGHTED]
[DELIGHTED]
[HAPPY]/[FRIENDLY]
‐ Thanks. Hm.
‐ Ha‐ha.
[DELIGHTED]
Thank you. That was great.
[chomping]
Delicious.
[DELIGHTED]
‐ Take care.
‐ Thanks very much.
[WARM]
[EXERTION]/[FRIENDLY]
[STARTLED]
[AGGRESSIVE]/[ATTACK]
[WORRIED]/[PAINED]
[SCARED]
[HAPPY]
[TERRIFIED]/[PAINED]
[EXERTION]/[SINISTER]
[SCARED]/[PAINED]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"An Oasis Of Hope!"
'Here you go, Pikachu.'
[PLEASED]/[DELIGHTED]
NARRATOR Continuing their
Kalos region journey
our heroes are now headed
for the Lumiose City Gym.
That bare ground
goes on forever.
SERENA Yeah, the landscape
doesn't change at all.
How boring can you get?
[CHEERFUL]
[AGITATED]
[panting]
Goomy, are you feeling okay?
That sounded like a cough.
[REASSURING]
I don't think it's sick.
I've got it.
It could be a sign
Goomy's learning a new move.
Wow.
That would be so awesome.
[EXCITED]
That's really cool.
I wonder what it is.
I know.
So, special training, okay?
[EAGER]
ASH
You've got to battle a lot
if you want to get stronger.
Okay. Use Rain Dance.
[RAIN DANCE MOVE]
[SURPRISED]/[EXCITED]
Pikachu,
Quick Attack, let's go.
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
[PAINED]
Goomy, don't give up.
Pokémon get stronger
by taking on attacks.
'Don't give up so easily.'
[DETERMINED]
Okay, let's try it again.
[EAGER]
[URGENT]/[ALARMED]
[URGENT]/[EXHAUSTED]
Wow. It's a Spoink.
[panting]
Clemont, look!
I'm on it!
'What could have happened?'
[ALERT]
Yay! Spoink's awake.
[RELIEVED]
[CONCERNED]
[HAPPY]
I'd say Spoink feels fine now.
I'm glad.
[HAPPY]
POKEDEX
Spoink, the Bounce Pokémon.
'Spoink moves around
by bouncing on its tail.'
'Its psychic powers
are made stronger'
'by the pearl on its head.'
What happened?
How did you get hurt anyway?
[AGITATED]
Calm down.
Do you want us
to come with you?
Hey, it looks like
there's an oasis out there.
An oasis?
So if we go there with you
we'll learn
what happened, right?
[URGENT]
Uh, okay,
let's go check out that oasis.
‐ Hurray.
‐ Yeah.
BONNIE
This place is amazing.
SERENA All this green
in the middle of The Badlands?
ASH
Yeah.
BONNIE
Look at that!
The water's bubbling up.
Oh, it's a spring.
CLEMONT That's why this area
is so green.
ASH
Guess so.
[EXERTION]/[STERN]
[all gasping]
What's up? Huh.
[STEALTHY]
‐ Hm?
[EXERTION]/[UNHAPPY]
[INSISTENT]
[SHOCKED]
[SURPRISED]/[ANGRY]
[WORRIED]
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
‐ That's awful.
‐ Oh, those poor little Spoink.
That's a Grumpig.
It looks to me like
it's the boss around here.
[IRATE]
POKEDEX
Grumpig.
The Manipulate Pokémon
and the evolved
form of Spoink.
'Grumpig can control opponents
by using its three'
'black pearls to magnify
its psychic powers.'
[ANGRY]
[FRUSTRATED]/[INDIGNANT]
Got it, so that Grumpig's
the one who hurt you.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
And it appears it's taken
all of their food for itself.
[CONTENT]
That's not right.
[ANGRY]
[OUTRAGED]/[ENRAGED]
Hey, Ash.
We've got to do something.
Yeah, okay, Spoink,
you leave this to us.
[DETERMINED]
[OVERJOYED]
[CONTENT]/[SURPRISED]
Hey, Grumpig.
You're causing trouble
for the Spoink.
[EMPHATIC]
[UNIMPRESSED]
Why do you have
to be so mean to them?
[OUTRAGED]
[ANNOYED]
[INDIGNANT]/[AGGRESSIVE]
[DAZED]
Whoa. What's happening?
Uh‐oh. What are they doing?
Grumpig's psychic powers
are controlling them.
[COMBATIVE]
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
[URGENT]
[COMBATIVE]
[ATTACK]
[grunting]
[ANGRY]
Stop, Pikachu!
The Spoink don't know
what they're doing.
'They're being controlled.'
[CONFUSED]
[SINISTER]
Let's withdraw
till we figure this out.
Yeah, good idea.
[panting]
[URGENT]
ASH
This way!
[all panting]
SERENA
There!
‐ It's a dead end!
‐ Oh!
‐ What? What's that?
[grunting]
What's going on?
[AMUSED]
What have you done?
[chuckling]
We've done
what any evildoer would do.
We built up a wall
between us and you.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of freewill thinkers.
To extend our reach
to jailing Twerpish stinkers.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a Grumpig fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[EMPHATIC]
Team Rocket?
[ANGRY]
TEAM ROCKET
Mm‐hm.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Spoink.
[EXCITED]
Hey, let us out of here!
Now why would we do that, huh?
Hey, Twerpette. A haircut?
Perhaps nursing a broken heart?
That is none of your business!
Fine, we might as well
spill the beans.
So lend me your Twerpish ears,
and I'll spin you a yarn
and fan your Twerpish fears.
As we were ballooning over
the Lumiose Badlands
we spied an oasis.
Complete with water.
But wait, there's more.
Lush vegetation galore.
MEOWTH Along with a slew of
Spoink,
who were living the
high life.
JAMES And that's when we came
across a famished Grumpig
in search of a meal.
JESSIE
So we made a deal.
We showed Grumpig
to the oasis for a feast
and in turn, it took care
of the Spoink for us.
[ATTACK]
TEAM ROCKET
Hurray! Hurray!
And that's how we got our hands
on ample food and water.
Genius, eh?
[EMPHATIC]
Then, as if we
weren't lucky enough
you Twerps just happened
along the way.
And with Pikachu, of course
making all of our dreams
come true.
Can't be much fun being you.
[EMPHATIC]
[grunting]
Now give up Pikachu.
Do the right thing.
Forget it. No way.
Okay, Grumpig, Psywave.
[EXCITED]/[PSYWAVE MOVE]
[PAINED]
What are you doing?
[OUTRAGED]
[CONCERNED]
JESSIE
It's obvious.
If you won't hand over Pikachu
the Spoink will pay the piper.
‐ That's so cruel!
‐ You cowards!
[Jessie laughing]
Being called a coward
is an honor
when you run in our circles.
So honor us all you want.
[grunting]
Now. Deal or no deal?
‐ I said no deal.
‐ Final answer?
Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[DEVASTATED]
[PSYWAVE MOVE]
[PAINED]
That's enough!
I'll do it. Just stop!
[FURIOUS]/[SURPRISED]
Pikachu, for now,
we've got to do what they say.
But I promise,
I'll get you out of this.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Quietly.
Come to Jessie, little one.
[all gasping]
Now, Chespin,
I told you not to do that.
[CONFIDENT]
Huh?
Welcome home.
Your own little cage.
It looks like Chespin
wants to share the rent.
Good, little Twerp.
[PLEASED]
[CONFUSED]
JESSIE
All yours, Grumpig.
JAMES
You're our night watch Pokémon.
All you can carry,
so chop chop.
Shop till you drop,
without the shopping.
We'll save a few
morsels for Grumpig.
Ah, have you lost it?
You'll find that once
we're loaded up
we're leaving
that loud mouth behind.
JAMES/MEOWTH
Well‐played, Jessie.
[IMPRESSED]
[DEMANDING]
[DAZED]
[CONTENT]
Grumpig's asleep.
Now's our chance.
[EAGER]
That's right.
You two are able to squeeze
through these bars.
Are you up for it?
[INTENT]
[DETERMINED]
BONNIE
Good luck, Dedenne.
ASH
Go for it, Goomy.
[EXERTION]/[SURPRISED]
[SCARED]
[IRRITATED]
‐ Oh!
‐ Oh! Dedenne.
[DETERMINED]
[OPTIMISTIC]
Quick, Dedenne,
use Nuzzle, let's go.
[NUZZLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
[ATTACK]
‐ Dedenne!
‐ Huh, Clemont?
Let's look for a weak spot
in the rock, now
while Dedenne
and Goomy are out there.
‐ Then we can get out of here.
‐ That's right.
Hm. I think we can
break through here.
Great. Now, Frogadier.
I choose you.
[CONFIDENT]
Okay, Frogadier,
use Water Pulse
on that spot in the rock.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
One more time.
[WEAK]
Come on, Dedenne.
Thunder Shock, let's go.
[THUNDER SHOCK MOVE]
[PAINED]
[ATTACK]
[STUNNED]
[all gasping]
Dedenne!
[AMUSED]
[SCARED]/[REFLECTIVE]
[ALERT]/[DETERMINED]
[IRRITATED]
[all gasping]
Looks like it wants to battle.
Okay, go for it, Goomy.
Show Grumpig who's the boss.
[EMPHATIC]
[INTENT]/[BITING]
[PAINED]
Goomy, no! Frogadier, hurry.
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
[AMUSED]/[MENACING]
Goomy, use Bide now.
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
[BIDE MOVE]
Quick, use Bide again.
Grumpig!
[PAINED]
[ATTACK]
You can do it, Goomy!
[EMPHATIC]
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
‐ Huh?
[PLEASED]
That was awesome.
I'll take it from here.
[grunting]
[ATTACK]
[BIDE MOVE]
Alright, it's time
for me to get serious.
[grunting]
[HOPEFUL]
[DETERMINED]
[FATIGUED]/[BELLIGERENT]
Aah!
Goomy! Ugh!
Goomy!
Look out! Ah! Oh!
[CONCERNED]
[all gasping]
Oh, no, Ash!
[TRIUMPHANT]
[groaning]
Stay back. Don't worry.
I'll protect you, Goomy.
[CONCERNED]
Alright, you want to battle,
you've got it.
[PROTECTIVE]
[SURPRISED]
Huh!
[chuckles]
‐ What's this?
‐ Look at Goomy.
[CONFIDENT]
BONNIE
Goomy evolved!
[IMPRESSED]
That's Goomy's evolved form.
POKEDEX
Sliggoo.
The Soft Tissue Pokémon.
It's four horns function
as a highly sensitive
'radar system, picking up many
different scents and noises.'
That's awesome. Sliggoo.
Dedenne, are you okay?
[RELIEVED]
[FURIOUS]/[ATTACK]
Dodge it.
[EXERTION]
[DRAGON BREATH MOVE]
Huh!
It's using Dragon Breath.
Yes. You learned a new move.
[CONCENTRATED]
Use Dragon Breath.
[DRAGON BREATH MOVE]
[ALARMED]/[PAINED]
[DAZED]/[ALERT]
[CONFUSED]
[IMPRESSED]
[EXCITED]
You were great, Chespin.
Okay. Let's find Team Rocket.
‐ Right.
Hey, who invited you?
[URGENT]
[laughing]
Hold on, you want us
to help you out?
No thanks. Showtime's over.
Our business with you is done.
'We were just using you.'
[DEVESTATED]
‐ Team Rocket.
‐ Huh?
Give it up now.
Now how did those
tricky Twerps escape anyway?
Uh..
The Twerp Pokémon
are out as well.
And, Goomy evolved
into a Sliggoo, too.
Well, we all make mistakes.
Pumpkaboo, clean up this mess.
With Inkay.
[CHALLENGING]
Huh!
Pumpkaboo, use Dark Pulse.
Okay, Inkay, Psybeam.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
Sliggoo, use Dragon Breath.
[DRAGON BREATH MOVE]
‐ One more time.
‐ Deflect it back.
[ATTACK]
Okay, Pikachu.
Thunderbolt, let's go!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
[FRUSTRATED]
[EXCITED]
You were great.
Thanks, Sliggoo.
[IMPRESSED]
[SURPRISED]
[ANGRY]
CONTRITE]/[FRANTIC]
Looks like Grumpig's sorry.
Uh, forgive and forget.
Stop stealing. You promise?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[FRIENDLY]
[SURPRISED]/[SENTIMENTAL]
I can't think of a better
reason to celebrate.
All Pokémon
should be good buddies.
That's right.
[HAPPY]
[PLEASED]
Sliggoo. We'll work hard.
You'll get stronger.
[DETERMINED]
[WARM]
‐ Bye.
‐ See you later.
NARRATOR A confrontation
affecting Trainer and Pokémon
alike helped Goomy evolve
into a Sliggoo
demonstrating that Pokémon
get stronger each
and every day,
as the journey continues.
[theme music]